Main Activity Search Test Case

1. User is able to immediately search for locations from within the main activity without having to
navigate to an additional activity.
2. Search button is easily visible.
3. User is given a hint to make them aware of what they can search for.

Search Results Activity Search Test Case

1. After the user's first search, a search button is visible in the app's menu to cue the user to
perform additional searches if necessary.

Invalid Search Test Case

1. User is unable to proceed to search results if no query is typed into search field.
2. Toast is displayed asking user to type something into search field

Search by Location Name Test Case

1. When user types name of location into search field, matching locations appear in the search
results activity.

Search by Location Type Test Case

1. When user types the type of location that they're looking for into search field, matching locations
appear in the search results activity.

Search by Location SubType Test Case

1. When user types the subtype of location that they're looking for into search field, matching locations
appear in the search results activity.

Search by Location Price Test Case

1. When user types the price that they're looking for into the search field (using the familiar '$' to '$$$$'
range), matching locations appear in the search results activity.

View Location Details Test Case

1. When a location in the search results is clicked, user is taken to another activity with more details
about that location
2. Location name is visible
3. Location address is visible
4. Location phone # is visible
5. Location price is visible
6. Location description is visible
6. Photo of location is visible

Add to Favorites Test Case

1. When user clicks the favorite button from within the Detail Activity, the favorite button's
appearance changes to an "on" position
2. The user's new favorite location appears in the user's favorites list

View Favorites Test Case

1. User is able to easily locate a favorite places button in the app's menu
2. When user clicks favorite place menu button, they're taken to a new activity that displays all
of their favorites
3. User is able to click on favorite places to see more details about each favorite location.